You want to live a soft and feminine
life but don't know where to start. I
got you. And today we are going to talk
about 10 tiny habits that you can
implement in your daily to feel more
soft and feminine. But before we start,
I want you to know that being soft and
being feminine as a woman is your
natural state. And it's more about being
than doing. So the following things, the
following habits that I'm going to
mention in this video are habits that
can help you to get back in tune with
who you truly are, with what you truly
are as a woman, with what you have
already inside of you. But it's always
more about being you. So these habits
are just a small help. But do not forget
that everything is about energy. Hi
guys, welcome back to my channel. My
name is Michaela and I'm going to help
you to be the best version of yourself
and to get back in touch with your
feminine energy. Today we're talking
about 10 habits that you can implement
in your
daily to feel more soft, to be that soft
girl that you're trying to be. First of
all, what is soft girl energy? I feel
like there are so many misconceptions
out there about soft life, soft girl,
which are not
even close to what it actually means to
be a soft girl, to live a soft life. So
to have a soft life means that you are
in peace within yourself, with you and
your life. Soft life, soft girl doesn't
mean that you are not working, that you
have a man taking care of you, that you
are being passive, that you are not
having an opinion or whatever some
people are associating with soft life or
soft girl. So when you can consider
yourself a soft girl is when you are in
tune with your emotions, when you are in
peace with who you are, when you are
starting to romanticize your everyday
life, and when you are starting to
understand that your softness as a woman
is not weakness, it's actually your
power. Now another thing I want you to
know is that we are all going through
different phases in our lives means we
cannot always 100% live our soft life
our soft girl energy because that's life
and we have to accept and see the beauty
in that change as well. When you are a
mom of two small babies, of two small
kids under two, of course, it's not as
easy to live a soft life as it would be
when you are a stayathome wife and have
no responsibilities. So, what I want to
say with this is I don't want to
pressure you and you should never
pressure yourself to be more soft or
more feminine because that's actually
doing the exact opposite. Being soft
means also to be fine with not being
soft because you know your natural state
is being soft. And when I'm talking
about myself recently, the past few
weeks, I'm struggling to be soft, to
embrace my soft version because I'm so
busy and I'm trying to build something
for myself that after that I can be soft
for long. I can be really embracing my
soft energy again because I will be in a
situation where I do not have that much
stress. I do not have that much work to
do. So please always be kind to yourself
and understand we are going through
different phases in life. sometimes more
busy, sometimes less busy. And that
doesn't mean that we cannot be soft at
all and that we are losing our softness
or our femininity. It just means you can
do different things to still keep your
softness alive. Now, let's talk about
habits to embody that soft girl energy
because that's what you wanted to know.
I know you are burning two here
practical habits that you can implement
in your daily even when you're busy. The
first habit is how you walk especially
when you have not been in your soft
energy in your feminine energy all your
life. You can see in yourself from the
way you walk in what energy you are
dominantly. So if you are in your
masculine energy, if you are being
rushing all the time, you can see it.
You can walk in a soft way, you can walk
in a masculine way. And what I mean by
that is when you walk as a woman, you
can walk moving your hips. You can swing
with your hips almost like on a runway.
But most of the time, myself as well, I
was not walking very feminine, very
soft. But you can change that in an
instant with just choosing consciously,
hey, I want to walk feminine. I want to
walk soft. And if you have never done
that, then I suggest you are going today
or tomorrow for a hot girl walk. I call
it hot girl walk because you should put
in your earpods, turn on your favorite
music and walk to that music as nobody
else around would exist. Do not feel shy
to do that. I started doing that in the
gym when I was doing my 30 minutes walk
collecting my steps on the treadmill.
When you do that, you can move your
hips. You can really embrace that
feminine soft walk even when you walk
quickly. And I promise you only that
will already put you in such a good mood
and you will feel that soft energy
coming from inside of you. The next
habit is dressing up. Dressing up is so
important. And with dressing up, I don't
mean always put on full makeup, always
go out with expensive dresses. You can
dress up for yourself, and it doesn't
need to be super fancy. It just needs to
be something that you feel comfortable
and soft in. This shirt, for example, I
got it from any market in Thailand that
was maybe $3, but I feel soft with this.
It makes my shoulders visible. It makes
me feel soft and playful just because of
the way of how it looks and how it feels
on my body. So, with dressing up, I
mean, get some cute outfits, get some
cute shirts, wear some cute
skirts just to feel that softness, just
to feel comfortable. And when you are in
a rush, when you do not have much time,
when you're super busy, do the minimum
effort of using minimal makeup. Even if
it's just lip gloss, even if it's just
mascara, you have to know what are the
things that make you feel instantly more
beautiful, more soft, more happy. And
that's what you want to do even when
you're super busy. For me, for example,
even when I'm super busy, even when I'm
not leaving the house, and even when I'm
not recording any videos or seeing
anyone, I put on the minimum, which is
some light concealer under my eyes
because that makes me immediately feel
better and feel soft. And additionally,
I put some blush on my cheeks and on my
nose and a lip gloss and that's it.
Because even with the minimum effort, if
you choose the right things, it can
shift your whole energy in an instant.
Another thing for me is hair. When I'm
not having fresh washed hair, doesn't
matter how good I'm trying to style it
or put it in a bun, I do not feel my
best self. When I feel already I do not
have fresh hair, my hair do not feel any
more lush. I'm going to wash them. And
if I don't have time, I really try to do
my best to put them together to feel
comfortable. The next thing is music.
Whenever you're doing something that you
usually don't like to do, you feel
moody, right? When we are doing things
that we don't like to do, we are not in
a good mood. And when we are not in a
good mood, we are also automatically not
feeling soft. But what you can do is to
turn on some soft, nice music that
uplifts your mood while you're doing
something that you do not like to do.
That's kind of brainwashing because you
are going to be in a better mood doing
something you're not liking to do. And
this makes you instantly more soft as
well. For example, when I'm running late
for an appointment, which happens pretty
often, unfortunately, I'm not the best
in time management. I'm always turning
on some really nice music when I'm on
the way to there to reduce my stress
level because otherwise I would stress
myself and I would think, "Oh no, I'm
again late. I again missed it." and I
would beat myself up for not being on
time again. But when I put on some
music, I forget about it because
anyways, you can't change anything in
that moment. Right? When I'm already
running late, I'm already running late.
There is nothing I can do to change that
situation, but there is so much I can do
to change my mood and the way I arrive
to my appointment. The next tiny habit
that I like to do is to make a selfie,
to make mirror pictures wherever
whenever I see a mirror. Of course, I'm
not doing it excessively, but when I'm
going to a bathroom, I'm always taking a
mirror selfie. When I haven't seen
myself for a long time in a busy day,
I'm turning on my inside camera and I'm
starting to record myself. I'm starting
to take some pictures of myself because
that's going to make you feel better.
That's going to make you remind
yourself, hey, I'm like, I'm still here.
I'm still looking good. I'm still
present. I'm still in that moment.
Because sometimes we forget how we look.
And sometimes we get so caught up in
daily days habits, in our daily days
tasks and busyiness that we actually
forget how we look and who we are in our
bodies kind of. But when we remind
ourselves of our beauty, of our face, of
our hair, of how we look today, of the
effort we put in in the morning to look
the way we are looking to get out,
that's an instant change. Another tiny
habit that I love to do that instantly
makes me feel more soft is just right
before I go to bed, I turn on a diffuser
with some lavender drops in it. And
also, I'm using a silk pillow for
sleeping. And when I'm going to bed, I
feel like a princess. I feel like the
feeling is insane. And when you wake up
in the morning, you still have that
smell of the lavender in your room. And
it just makes you feel soft and kind and
slow and feminine even when you have to
rush. Another tiny habit is to take your
time in the mornings. I talk about that
a lot because the mornings are for me
golden. I want to take my time. I want
to start my day slow and not rush
anywhere. But I know that's not possible
for everyone at any time in our lives.
Even for me, I have times I have periods
in my lives where I just can't have a
slow morning. And that's fine. I still
try to drink my tea. I still try to plan
enough time in the morning to put on my
minimum makeup and turn on some nice
music to set that day. And one very
important point about being a soft girl
is that you say no to chaos because
chaos is the exact opposite of being
soft. And even though we women are
sometimes chaotic and that's somehow in
our nature because of our emotions, we
have to say no to chaos from outside.
Boundaries are soft girls essentials.
And when you are saying no to anything
that destroys your peace from the
outside, that's already so much what you
can do to protect your inner peace and
softness. And the next thing is
kindness. Whenever you are feeling you
want you need to be defensive, you need
to argue your point. Choose kindness and
softness over defensiveness. I'm not
saying don't have an opinion. I'm saying
whenever you can and whenever a fight,
an argument is not worth your energy,
just stay in your softness, stay in your
kindness, come with a smile, and talk in
a soft way. And one personal example
from my life is that I'm going every
other week to my tailor because of my
brand. And of course, sometimes they
make mistakes, right? And I used to be
overdefensive. Sometimes I am still
arguing my point when I'm not in a good
mood. But the difference is when I'm
coming there in a good mood already,
even when they have done something
wrong, I can say it with a smile. I can
be kind to them. And actually the
outcome is even better than when I come
with defensiveness. I'm going to argue
my point. I want to have this outcome.
This is not right. And and end. Because
at the end, kindness and softness always
goes further than any other argument or
defensiveness or any other way of
bringing your point across. If you want
to really embrace your soft girl energy,
if you want to be more soft in your
daily, these are the habits that you can
implement. And you can also try to
romanticize your daily, your every
moment whenever you can. You can take
yourself on solo dates. You can enjoy
the small things in life simply because
you want to embrace that softness and
because actually, you know, you do not
have to earn to rest. You don't have to
have a reason to admire flowers. You
don't have to have a reason or an
explanation to just be dreamy sometimes
and not doing anything. And when you
start to implement small habits in your
daily, you start to always have fresh
sheets on your bed, you start to dress
up, you start to put flowers in your
home, you start to wear small jewelry,
you start to implement stepbystep tiny
habits, you will find more and more
reasons to be soft because that's what
you put energy in, right? When you put
energy in softness, you will attract
more softness in your life. And that's
the whole point about the soft girl
mindset, the soft girl energy and the
soft girl life. It doesn't mean that you
are not working, that you're not making
money, that you are being passive. As I
already said, it means that you choose
softness over hustle society. You choose
to achieve everything you want to
achieve with softness. You choose to
take your time. You choose peace,
beauty, and emotional freedom every
single day. And everything that doesn't
align with that, everything that doesn't
allow you to do that has to go out of
your life. Anyways guys, I hope this
could help. I know there are so many
more small habits that you can implement
in your daily like how you talk, how you
look at others, how you deal with others
and so on. But I think for today we have
spoken about a lot. I hope you can
implement it in your daily day. I hope
you feel more soft today, tomorrow and
in future. And yeah, thank you so much
for watching. I love you so so much and
I see you in my next video. Bye-bye.